Jessica Freeman: Hello.
Good morning.
Jessica Freeman: My little boy into Nana's car so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do know 100%. I know. Yes.
Jessica Freeman: So, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Homework from last week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yay.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, I haven't accepted and I continually accept that this is what it is. And it's gonna be a long time. It's okay.
Jessica Freeman: Um, I took a bath. It was awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, hey,
Jessica Freeman: I wrote my bosses. I spent some time on it. I went through a few drafts, but I let them know you know the difficulties that I'm having working from home and I propose a solution.
Jessica Freeman: My parents, you know, kind of stepped up to the plate and said, We'll watch him for like full days at our house. So, two and a half days.
Jessica Freeman: It's not really working out.
Jessica Freeman: My son, he doesn't want to be gone all day like he's
Jessica Freeman: He's just the behavior piece is a problem because he's not happy with being gone for full days. So I'm going to have to propose another solution. I don't know, maybe reduce my hours. I don't know.
Jessica Freeman: But it's not working. But I did. I mean, I, they were cool about it and everything has been good, but this week. I mean, maybe I should give it another week, I don't know, but He just, he's not
Jessica Freeman: He's not having it.
Jessica Freeman: Um,
Jessica Freeman: I've been okay so I kind of fell down on the job with like organizing my schedule like structuring things, it's still not happening. But I've been thinking about it a lot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's the first
Jessica Freeman: And I've been doing, you know, online meetings so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good. How is that going
Jessica Freeman: Okay, you know, bunch of strangers.
Jessica Freeman: There's, like, you know, 200 some odd people in the room. I did actually like I've been, you know, joining with my video and raising my hand and trying to participate. Like, you told me to.
Jessica Freeman: And I did make a friend through that because you know I was honest about where I was. And then this girl sent me her number. And so I texted her, and now we kind of text back and forth a little bit. And that's been good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is really good.
Jessica Freeman: Am I allowed to vapor
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you're not supposed to do.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I know. Like in group and stuff because it triggers other people, but I just go off camera for a second. It's been a stressful morning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you do
Jessica Freeman: What you do off camera. I can't. I have no control over.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you. My dog has been needy like I've had to take him outside like 50 bazillion times and I switched his diet because he was having diarrhea, and now he's better
Jessica Freeman: Having all these healthy poops that I'm totally jealous of
Jessica Freeman: But, yeah, yeah. I mean, I'm okay. Like last week around this time it was really rough like I was having a very rough time but you know I'm not great but I'm not bad, right in the middle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's good.
Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gearing towards greatness.
Jessica Freeman: I don't think there's going to be any greatness until all this stuff is over.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is rough nicely.
Jessica Freeman: Into my radio show this morning and they were talking to people like having people call in about
Jessica Freeman: Like, what's the first thing you're going to do when when all this is over and life goes back to normal. And all I can think of is I'm going to take my kids to school and I'm going to drop them off there for the whole day that's
Jessica Freeman: What else happens but like he
Jessica Freeman: Three. He's gone.
Jessica Freeman: I love them. I do. I love him. But it's, I mean I love him so much and I'm doing well. I'm keeping my like temper is not a thing with him because it doesn't work, you can't get mad at this, you can't raise your voice.
Jessica Freeman: You can't, you know, really discipline much all you can do is reward positive behavior and either ignore bad behavior and not give them the attention. He's looking for or, you know, just like wait it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, nobody's going to know best, but you on how to work with him. You know what I mean, you're his best advocate.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Jessica Freeman: Man, the other day when I went to pick him up. Bob was telling me that
Jessica Freeman: He took the he took the iPad away for 15 minutes and like key and just like bald and bald and through a major fit. And I was like, You didn't give it back to him to do like he has to calm down, but you can't give it back to him because of a fit.
Jessica Freeman: But you gotta wait it out.
Jessica Freeman: Otherwise you have just taught him that it's okay for him to throw a fit and then he's going to get what he wants. And it's going to be that much worse. Next time, so you're gonna have to train him like no you don't get it back until you're calm.
Jessica Freeman: Until you off doing something else and attention to something else calm as a Hindu cow, that's when you can have it back.
Jessica Freeman: But now,
Jessica Freeman: Encouraging all this bad behavior.
Jessica Freeman: Is
Jessica Freeman: My house not
Jessica Freeman: Not with Mom No.
Jessica Freeman: Not doing a mistake, first by letting them act like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, but you know, remember that their, their grandparents.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kids, you know, with grandparents, they get treated differently they get away with a lot more. You know what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a whole different realm.
Jessica Freeman: I agree.
Jessica Freeman: I just don't want to see them.
Jessica Freeman: set themselves up for that. No, it's like I'm
Jessica Freeman: You get it.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's like they're just letting He'll. He'll take advantage of it, he'll run away with it, and he'll throw a horrendous fit that lasts forever because that's what you know that's what works. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it. Yeah, totally get it next time it'll be twice as bad and twice as long, and. And the hope is, is that you know he's he'll learn his lesson and do something different, next time.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, well the next few times. It's going to be really bad.
Jessica Freeman: It's just going to, but you have to, you have to hold the line.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you do. Definitely.
Jessica Freeman: It's done it.
Jessica Freeman: He's done it. He does it here, but, you know, not going to give in.
Jessica Freeman: Because I know what that looks like.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I see parents who are ruled by their children.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially because it's with
Jessica Freeman: Autism, like where the kid with autism dominates everything in the house. And you know what key in his sweet and loving in his heart and in
Jessica Freeman: The way I see it is if I help him with his behavior than he gets to be the real him. I think I'm doing him a favor and sparing myself. But anyway, enough about that. Let's talk about me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You mean. So Jessica outside of can
Jessica Freeman: Not
Jessica Freeman: Really, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the tough part I think the part of one of the toughest parts about this whole thing of being, you know, at home with the kids all the time. Having a homeschool um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they're not being a reprieve there's nothing that they can do. There's no place that they can really go is the fact that there is very minimal mama time, you know, I'm and I'm hearing it all across
Jessica Freeman: Oh, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I know my problems are not
Unique
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definite definitely what's unique about it though is the fact that your son is autistic. So you your challenges, a little bit different than, you know, people with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know people that don't have. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But the struggle is real. I mean, I see it and you're not the only
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Person that I know that has, you know, a child that's autistic and they're going through the same exact thing right now, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty amazing. Definitely. So you got to find those little bit of reprieves where you can, you know, within a day, you know, at some point, you gotta have Jessica time
Jessica Freeman: Well, let me show you my masterpieces.
Okay.
Jessica Freeman: They're still. I mean, I've been doing a lot of puzzles but this one is hardcore, and this one.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So many
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and I've done several puzzles but this one. This one's really hard. I'm not gonna lie.
Jessica Freeman: But I enjoyed that. And here is my other one which I know I've shown you before you know
Jessica Freeman: It's a work in progress.
Oh, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Awesome.
Jessica Freeman: That's my mommy time
Jessica Freeman: Back when I first came into the rooms and started like having to do recovery, because I was at a recovery house and I had to do it.
Jessica Freeman: You know, because there was no way I was going to do it on my own. I had to do it. I could barely sit still, like, I could hardly sit through a meeting like so I I started doing adult coloring and
Jessica Freeman: People would stare at me and you know I didn't care, though, because I was like, This is what I need.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and it helped a lot. And when I have swansea's which I haven't had a sponsor since I moved here because I'm still trying to get the lay of the land like she's different here. Um, but yeah, I would have them do that when they came in because it's hard.
Jessica Freeman: It's hard to sit there and listen to these people and sit in a chair for an hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, and grasp the concept of what the heck is going on. And they're talking about. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what is this all about I yeah I still remember. I remember my very first my very first meeting and I was like, whoa. Who are these people. Why do they want to get away from me. What it should
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be that was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know you, your personal space too many
Jessica Freeman: Like, you know, and I don't trust you, like, who the fuck are you, you know, yeah, I remember
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I used to and all the little things you know that that you learn did make one bit of sense to me at all, but through time. I got it. Yeah, each one you know started, it was like they came to life in my head. Oh, that makes perfect sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So simple.
Jessica Freeman: People talk. Yeah, I mean I have a lot of examples of that, like, people would talk about surrender, you know, and then I'd have my idea of what that meant.
Jessica Freeman: And then somebody would tell a story that would or, you know, say something that would just kind of give it new light. And then over time I started to experience it for myself. So yeah, it's good stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. You've been online meetings, you made a friend. So you've done these things you're reaching out, you know, which is really, really good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and work is is working with you as far as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Timing and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you could
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you got to know just get that you can only do what you can do. You know, I know that they probably know that you know you have a son that does, you know, have you know autism and he needs that extra support. He needs you there, you know, and I'm sure they get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially right now, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah I if everything were normal. You know, if I could go to the office and doing just work like normal young. I know that they would be really happy with me.
Jessica Freeman: But this situation is
Jessica Freeman: Really challenging
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: not normal.
Jessica Freeman: It's really not. I almost feel bad. I mean, I do. I feel bad, like
I'm shortchanging
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know, I think that employers are, you know, making the best of a bad situation, the best they can and you know it. It would be a lot harder for them if they didn't have people that were at least trying, you know, to put an effort in, you know, to the work while they're stuck at home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So imagine if they had nobody
Jessica Freeman: You know yeah so
Jessica Freeman: I just, you know, I don't
Jessica Freeman: I never even got to go in and do even a little bit of training like this is all been from home since day one.
Jessica Freeman: And that's particularly challenging
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I bet it is no training whatsoever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be tough one.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so, you know, learning the software they use and what it is they actually want like it's just a shot in the dark man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you're doing it.
Jessica Freeman: You're doing my best.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they're happy with it.
Jessica Freeman: I hope I mean they were cool about the email but I'm like I'm gonna have to have another conversation with them.
Jessica Freeman: And maybe I should just be like, Hey, you know, these were the struggles. This week I'm going to try it again next week and see if he adjusts better to spending full days at Nana's house, but if it doesn't then you know you have to change something
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. I just think that that they'll be workable, you know, at this present point right now. You know, they have to be you're at home with kids and they every single one of their employers them themselves is doing the same thing. You know, if they have kids. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, it's just that's the thing, though, like people with typical kids don't quite
Jessica Freeman: Understand what it, what it is to be home with your child has severe autism all day, every day, just like the mental and emotional and even physical strain like he requires so much and I tried to kind of like, give them an idea in my email. Last week I said you know Keon is
Jessica Freeman: He's nonverbal a home. He is cognitively between the ages of seven and 22 months but with the strength
Jessica Freeman: And weight of a five and a half year old.
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Jessica Freeman: I hope that gives a little bit of perspective, my
Jessica Freeman: God yeah what it's like it's like having a two year old that weighs 40 pounds.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Who has extreme sensory needs like need sensory input at all times. Like constantly he'll come sit with me. And in order for him to sit still have to like tickle his feet, a whole time, just for him to come
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Jessica Freeman: He needs sensory input. He sensory seeking not sensory sensitive
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now he's not getting services. They've been put on hold, which makes him, you know, we're so everything is on your shoulders. When it comes to him. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And we're having some regression
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I mentioned that like he's behaviorally regressing he's not getting any services. So this is what's happening. Did you know that he is only eaten French vanilla yogurt for every meal for about nine days. Now, you won't eat anything else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wonder what that's about. Because somebody else's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've heard that from somebody else what this past week. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Well, he's probably just trying to control what he can
Jessica Freeman: Because this is an out of control type of thing like he's not, he's not getting the things that he needs. He's not getting the things that he that he wants, as far as like going to school and going to the playground and you know I did, I got him a water table.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, and he loves water. He loves it so much. And plus, we can do a lot with that table like
Jessica Freeman: You know, sensory stuff like pinto beans sound and the texture and water beads
Jessica Freeman: Yes, the first time I brought it out. He made mud just wonderful.
Jessica Freeman: Make the mass. I gotta let him make the mess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I gotta clean it up is what it is. Come here. Keno Jesus
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably most kids are making big message right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just a piece of this whole home thing. And yeah, you're not alone at
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That area, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me a little bit about the friend that you made in a
Jessica Freeman: Oh, her name is Gabrielle she I she lives in eastern time zone. It's all I know she may have told me, but I don't remember. Um, she was a victim of sex trafficking.
Jessica Freeman: And she's been sober for a year, but she has been kind of in and out before. Mmm.
Jessica Freeman: Hmm, that's about all I got. Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You guys hit it off pretty well.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I would say, although I don't know, like just between you and me her story about the whole sex trafficking thing, it didn't quite add up for me.
Jessica Freeman: But
Jessica Freeman: You know, what am I going to do like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: It is what it is I'm just going to meet her where she is. And if that's her story. That's our story, and I'm just
Jessica Freeman: Supporting that's cool. I don't have to believe it. I don't have to believe everything I can just love her. I mean, we're addicts and alcoholics. We lie through our teeth.
Jessica Freeman: We that's our default setting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: So why wouldn't I expect you know alcoholic addict behavior from an alcoholic addict.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. That's a good way to look at it. You know what I mean, and more will be revealed, the more you get to know her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, definitely. Did you see her on video chat.
Jessica Freeman: No, she had her video off.
Jessica Freeman: That I heard her. I heard her voice.
Jessica Freeman: And then we've been texting, I can you blame her though.
Jessica Freeman: If she really has been a victim of sex trafficking, she probably wants to remain anonymous.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: can't really blame her.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nope. Not at all, not in any way, shape, or form.
Jessica Freeman: You know, I've been kind of hesitant to put my video out there but you know you told me to do it. So I did it. And it's been fine. Like, it's fine. But, you know, just because people are so fucking creepy. There's so many assholes and weirdos in the world. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: There's hackers are they gonna, you know,
Jessica Freeman: hunt down my IP address. I don't know. But let's just, you know, you
would hope that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The whole format that set up for those meetings are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Extra secure is what I'm I think what I'm looking for, but that they have things in place to keep people's identity private I would hope that, you know, that is the format that they use, you know,
Jessica Freeman: They've all been zoom meetings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, then it's HIPAA compliant.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, the other one FaceTime is not neither. There's one other one. One other app that is not
Jessica Freeman: Skype Skype.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is not HIPAA compliant.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's why everybody goes to has been coming to zoom and that's why zoom has been. I mean, zoom has been acting really weird lately. Like, this is the best stable, you know, video that I've had a week because I think they're just overloaded, you know, they're over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everybody's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On it. Yeah, everyone's on the internet and everyone's using zoom for schools, you know, they're using zoom meetings are using zoom you know therapies you everybody's using
Jessica Freeman: You know them. So my friends are happy.
Jessica Freeman: I bet my brother lives in Portugal and he's been setting up like family meetings.
Jessica Freeman: Like I have a cousin that lives in Hawaii. And then I live in New Mexico. And then most of my family lives in Indiana.
Jessica Freeman: With some exceptions like my dad lives in South Carolina. But anyway, so he set up a couple of
Jessica Freeman: Zoom meetings just to catch up with the family, which I went to the one he had last week, but it's actually happening right now. I'm like,
Jessica Freeman: I can't make it on Thursdays at nine mountain time but he's like he said you should host one of your own. And I said, when it comes to my, my family. I said, I don't deal well with rejection. So it's probably not going to happen.
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Jessica Freeman: You know, it was. I mean, everybody wants to talk to Adam because he lives in Portugal, but you know what if I set up a zoom meeting and nobody comes. I'm just, I'm going to feel bad.
Jessica Freeman: I'm not going to send me out for that. But I'll join
Jessica Freeman: If anybody has one I'll be there.
Jessica Freeman: I think that's fair. That's me, setting a boundary. I don't feel like getting rejected.
Jessica Freeman: From my family, you know, or by my family.
Jessica Freeman: Don't feel like it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know, just keep yourself secure in that, then you know
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, I think you're already stepping outside your comfort zone in so many areas that you know you can be a bit reserved in this one. You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I mean experience or
Jessica Freeman: Maybe I should tread lightly.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I gotcha with family stuff, that's for sure.
Jessica Freeman: It's always complicated
Jessica Freeman: You know, I don't even talk to my mom's side of the family at all like once my Grandma and Grandpa passed away. I don't have anything to do with any of them.
Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were you ever worried. I mean, we were they ever in your life and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was there ever a closeness.
Jessica Freeman: Closeness
Jessica Freeman: Yeah mom side of the family. How should I described them.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: The have
Jessica Freeman: Very, very high standards. Okay, everybody is, you know, high achieving my grandpa set this set the bar on that, like he was a two star general in the Air Force. He had two college degrees before he was 22 i think i mean he just he owned his own law practice. He was very successful very driven
Jessica Freeman: Not open not affectionate
Jessica Freeman: And grudge holders, they will hold a grudge until the day you die, they are not forgiving. There is no compassion, you know, you're up here or you're out.
Jessica Freeman: So yeah, so I've always had trouble with that.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I just, I was falling on the wrong side of the line for them.
Jessica Freeman: So, you know, I was close with my grandma She passed away when I was pregnant with key in and then my grandpa died shortly thereafter. I went to the funeral, and that's it. I don't have anything else for anybody. None of my cousins aunts, uncles, none of them.
Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, a lot of families are that way, you know, very distant
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We didn't put about your dad very
Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm sorry, Dad saying, What about your dad side.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, yeah. The Freeman's
Jessica Freeman: Lots of love lots of compassion big personalities, you know, there's a freeman on a stage with a microphone somewhere in the world right now.
Jessica Freeman: They're great. But my dad's generation, like they're the great ones. I'm really close with my aunts and uncles.
Jessica Freeman: And I mean, I kind of have like a like a distantly friendly relationship with the majority of my cousins. And then, there have been some that I think closer to over the years and kind of then in and out, you know,
Jessica Freeman: But everybody's like, yay gesture sober, you know, they're very supportive. But I mean I wouldn't say that I have, like, really close, personal relationships with any of my cousins right now.
Jessica Freeman: And they've kind of like most of my generation has strayed from, you know, our, our parents generation and there and what they hold to be
Jessica Freeman: You know, whatever.
Jessica Freeman: The words are failing me right now, but they're just
Jessica Freeman: They're a bunch of selfish assholes. You know, they're doing their own thing and they don't care. Like my dad's my dad has five siblings and, you know, they're all really good people, not one of those men, there's two women and four men. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: None of the men. Have you ever cheated on their spouses ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like, oh wow
Jessica Freeman: They are devoted husbands who care for their families and they got who they are.
Jessica Freeman: You know the my generation. We are a bunch of selfish assholes. We care.
Jessica Freeman: About you know i mean half of half of them are alcoholics and drug addicts, but they're just they haven't had issues about it, you know, they're just normalized alcohol and drug use in their lives. And that's fine, but I couldn't fit in in that, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I always I always took it too far.
Jessica Freeman: You know, I always created a problem. So now I'm sober and people are like, that's great. You can stay over there, though. And I'm like, I feel the same about you.
Jessica Freeman: Know,
That's
Jessica Freeman: What I'm close with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, sometimes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. I think that family's important is is really important, as long as it's healthy. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes we can get into.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or have dysfunctional families and not realize, you know what a toxic relationship they are you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah. So we've really got to be careful and all relationships in that
Jessica Freeman: Earlier. I've had to work.
Jessica Freeman: Through a lot with my parents like individually.
Jessica Freeman: I've worked through a lot with them a lot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Jessica Freeman: It is, I love my parents and I have a great relationship with them today. It's taken a lot of work and forgiveness on on all sides like
Jessica Freeman: A lot of forgiveness that I know they love me. I know they did their best. They did a lot right
Jessica Freeman: We did a lot wrong so
Jessica Freeman: There's no perfect parent
And
Jessica Freeman: I know I
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Jessica Freeman: I really fucked up with my older one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's things going with him. Speaking of
Jessica Freeman: Well, he just had his 17th birthday.
Jessica Freeman: I tried to be the first one you know to say happy birthday real early because he did that for me on my birthday.
Jessica Freeman: And I told her, like, I can't really send you any money or you know if there's anything else that I can do let me know and it's you know it's done. I just don't really have any. I just can't release any money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now.
Jessica Freeman: But you know, I posted a little montage on Facebook with his pictures and
Jessica Freeman: I think it was good. We had a good exchange. And since I got back from Indy I've been in a lot more frequent contact with him like at least two or three times a week. We text back and forth which before
Jessica Freeman: You know, it would go weeks where we talk so
Jessica Freeman: It's better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It says connections that are important. You know, he needs that from you, just as much as you need that from him, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah yeah
Jessica Freeman: Well, I'm trying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Rough age.
Jessica Freeman: And he's going through a lot right now.
Jessica Freeman: All of his robotics stuff is cancelled. He's moving to Texas and he's going to have his senior year in Texas. So he's never going to be in school with any of his friends again.
Jessica Freeman: Like yeah, he's going through a lot
Jessica Freeman: And he's, he's a tough kid, but I know he's got he's super sensitive in his heart, you know, and his dad doesn't recognize that, because he's so
Jessica Freeman: bull in a china shop kind of guy. He's just, he's just like that. And he's never seen the you know the machine inside of Brendan's heart.
Jessica Freeman: And I see that. And I know that, but he puts up this tough exterior, you know, and I know what's going on, because I know my kid.
Jessica Freeman: And so I just, I try to respect that that that wall that he's put up, you know, and not try to push him and, you know, poke and prod, but at the same time I say things that I know mean something to him like
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I let him know how proud of him. I am and that
Jessica Freeman: I'm not going to cry. I'm not
Jessica Freeman: I hate crying. By the way, I hate it.
Jessica Freeman: And I'm an ugly cry or two, but I just tried to say things that are encouraging to him and let him know what I see, you know, I see that you are a loving, caring, young man, and you've got the whole world in front of you. I know you're going through a hard time right now. We all are.
Jessica Freeman: Because I don't want him to fall into that like self pity, like when you isolate yourself and you think that your problems are bigger than everybody else's like I don't want him to fall into that. So yeah, I just tried to be gentle.
Jessica Freeman: Stupid tears.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get it. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want the best for him, and it is going to be tough for him to move to Texas and have to be with new people, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you know, as well, moving to New Mexico. You know how how challenging it can be to get adjusted, you know, and to me.
Jessica Freeman: And I actually switched schools, my junior year in high school, and it was how like it had a profound impact on my life.
Jessica Freeman: I was headed this direction and then, you know, it's like that scene and Back to the Future where Doc Brown draws the timeline and then veers off to this alternate 1985 yeah that's what happened for me and I don't let that for him. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, on a lighter note, he's going to be closer to you.
Jessica Freeman: So it's an hour drive, but a much cheaper, faster flight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah, that's good. That is good.
Jessica Freeman: And I told him, like if you can't make it here will come to you like we are going to see you like
Jessica Freeman: The stupid travel shit means to lift. I'm so glad we got to India before all this stuff started like, what if we had waited and then who knows how long it would be. I'm so grateful that we were able to go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's kind of amazing. Huh.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, like God. It's God shot like God worked that out, it was
Jessica Freeman: And I was, I mean, he had a rough time man like his robotic stuff. His team.
Jessica Freeman: Just didn't do well on that last day and and he was so upset, you know, and I'm so glad I was able to be there for him.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: GOOD TRIP.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely and him being an hour away. You're, you're going to be able to be more engaged in, in, you know what I mean his life in his events, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is going to be awesome.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah definitely like once he gets going, and in school and robotics and he has stuff like we will be there. We will be there. He misses his brother and I don't blame them like they're so close.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your baby in him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gotta be yeah for for for him to, you know, to be able to stay connected to his brother.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, they love each other.
Jessica Freeman: Brendan's a really good big brother.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about him being able to come and stay with you in the summer.
You know,
Jessica Freeman: He's, he's not 18 yet. And then when he does turn 18 and he goes to college, you know, he wants to go to Purdue. So I don't know. He might be going to school in Indiana.
Jessica Freeman: But he's going to continue to need his dad for like financial support through college. And so, Brendan is going to remain under his dad's thumb for many more years to come. So
Jessica Freeman: Bring the sucks but
Jessica Freeman: Brendan doesn't want to set his dad off by
Jessica Freeman: Getting all close to me.
Jessica Freeman: Because his dad hates me so much, and his dad will be irrational and overreact and punish Brendan for trying to be close to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's got some issues.
Jessica Freeman: No, yeah, Britain is just trying to play it safe right now he's trying to not rock the boat with his dad I don't blame him so I understand that this means that the majority of the effort is going to have to come from me and
Jessica Freeman: I'm okay with that. There were years that I put in no effort and I'll put in all the effort that I have
Jessica Freeman: Everything that I can possibly do. Like, whatever it is. I don't care. This is my time to show Brendan
Jessica Freeman: I'm here, I'm not going anywhere. I love you. I want to stay involved with you yeah I'm committed to you. You're my son.
Jessica Freeman: This is the time that I can, I can really do that. And it's, it's an opportunity, you know, I'm not going to sit here and be all poor me my kid hates me. He's not going to come see me.
Jessica Freeman: I recognize where he is. I recognize what he has to deal with and then that's a heavy burden Scott west is a heavy fucking burden. Let me tell you, because I know
Jessica Freeman: So he's got to do what he's got to do.
Jessica Freeman: And I'll put in the effort, it's gonna be good. It's gonna be good. It's gonna make us closer in the long run might take a while, but that's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I did.
Jessica Freeman: Before I can be now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For how long
Jessica Freeman: Well, when he was four. I took him to live with his dad and I moved to Las Vegas, and I was gone for about two years and then I came back and expected things to go a lot differently. But Scott wasn't going to allow any of that. So,
Jessica Freeman: I thought and I lost
Jessica Freeman: And then I fell into, you know, a drug induced alcohol induced stupor for years on end and then I fought again and I lost again and then I did it again and then I just gave up and I had key in and I focused everything on key and and
Jessica Freeman: Then I got sober and I realized the damage that I had done.
Jessica Freeman: And I've made my amends to him. Like, we're good. You know, I feel like it doesn't let me off the hook and I told him that
Jessica Freeman: I was like, because I'm sitting here and I'm accepting responsibility for my mistakes and I'm, I'm trying, I'm making my immense you. That doesn't mean that like I'm absolved
Jessica Freeman: And forgiven. You know, like I'm not off the hook. I will never be off the hook for that. But all I can do is what I can do in the present, you know, and the future that we build i can't i can't erase that.
But right
Jessica Freeman: And you know, it's been consistent since then. I mean, I've been. I've been consistent for the last
Jessica Freeman: Three and a half years. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really, really good.
Jessica Freeman: You know he's, he sees that
Jessica Freeman: And it, it has changed the dynamic of our relationship considerably and I'm blessed to have the opening to have the opportunity, you know,
Jessica Freeman: To can do to make things better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. And I think we talked about this before, but, you know, even in that time, you probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You probably did him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Justice. You know, I think we did talk about this with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, letting him be with his dad then being going to Vegas and, you know, because you don't know where he would be right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that he probably had structure and he had stability and, you know, that is exactly, you know, you know what, I can't need. So, you know, there's that piece, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Jessica Freeman: And that has brought me comfort ever since we talked about it.
Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much. Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that from experience.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that sometimes we want to believe that we're the best thing, you know, but depending on our state of mind and our state of our own life. We really have to you know put the kid first and it's hard. Oh my gosh.
Jessica Freeman: I was in no condition to put my son first for a long, long time. And you know he has memories of stuff that I don't remember because I was, you know, fucked up.
Jessica Freeman: He has I hurt him terribly when I was, you know, I told them, like, Hey, let's go to the zoo. But then I was really just trying to get her into the car so I could take him to the Speedway and get drunk with my friends.
Jessica Freeman: You know, he remembers that I don't remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they have different memories.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I mean I have like a vague, but you know when he told me that I was like oh my god so
Jessica Freeman: If he had if he had been with me full time how much damage. Would I have inflicted that i i couldn't even recall
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you did the best thing you know that you could possibly do. And, you know, knowing that it still doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lift
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The feeling, you know, but it definitely provides a little bit of comfort knowing that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's exactly what it was about. It's like you put him first without realizing, that's what you were doing, you know,
Jessica Freeman: God was definitely involved. I can tell you that
Jessica Freeman: He was doing things that I didn't understand and couldn't do for myself and will only understand in in like, retro function if that's a word.
Reflection
Good word
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really good word.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Jessica Freeman: Now, that's, that's good. But yeah, it does provide some some relief to look at it.
Jessica Freeman: Through that perspective and I don't want to, like, I'm not going to be like, oh, Brandon, you know, column FBI bottom line therapy today not gonna do that.
Jessica Freeman: Negative that I'm going to wait until the future and there might be a moment that presented itself where we can talk about that, you know, I don't, I don't need to call them up.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I just let that happen naturally. If it happens at all. You know, maybe eventually will come around to that and I can kind of share that perspective with him. Maybe it'll provide him some comfort.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you guys ever talk about what you went through when you were when you moved away.
Jessica Freeman: I've said some things like I told him.
Jessica Freeman: You know, I was in the 95th percentile of my class and I had been taking all the advanced classes and I was college bound, and then when I switched schools.
Jessica Freeman: I was so thrown off with like social stuff and you know then that pastor came into the situation into my life because I was, you know, really emotionally struggling and then and then my grades dropped and then I couldn't get in to college like
Jessica Freeman: I mean, it just
Jessica Freeman: It just ruined everything. Like emotionally and like my whole future everything that I was supposed to be just just
Jessica Freeman: veered off into the alternate 1985
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I've tried to explain it, but he's also like will not you will, you know, and that he's not, he's not me. He'll probably handle things a whole lot better than I ever could have
Jessica Freeman: And he wasn't raised, like I was raised.
Jessica Freeman: So it makes a difference. Oh, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, I know like his dad has taught him to be really tough.
Jessica Freeman: And I was never like that like I was
Jessica Freeman: All over the place with my emotions and whatever I was feeling at the time dictated everything that I did.
Jessica Freeman: And I had to learn
Jessica Freeman: in adulthood, not to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: But he's he's learned how to compartmentalize and
Jessica Freeman: Be tough.
Jessica Freeman: Good for him, man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And guys, have the ability to do that. You know what I mean to compartmentalize where, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Women, you know, everything is interconnected in the brain, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so that makes a difference to you and how he responds to things, you know,
Jessica Freeman: He's not me. He's going to handle things
Jessica Freeman: A totally different way that I probably would couldn't even imagine. But he's very wise for his years he's responsible and grounded.
Jessica Freeman: And he's also highly intelligent, the way that his mind works like with math and science and stuff run circles around my head.
Jessica Freeman: So he's going to be fine. You know, I know it's going to be fine. I just need to be there support him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you're right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. So tell me some of the things that you're going to work on this week.
Jessica Freeman: Damn it.
Jessica Freeman: Okay. Okay. All right. My pen.
Jessica Freeman: Have I'm in possession of like a planner type thing like a weekly like different sheets or you can just write stuff down for the week I'm going to use it and I'm going to
Jessica Freeman: Find planner.
Jessica Freeman: Structure schedule.
Jessica Freeman: It's I need it.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: I
Jessica Freeman: Am going to, I want to
Jessica Freeman: You know his birthday was last week and we had our talk or whatever. But I want to circle back with Brendan and
Jessica Freeman: I want to stay consistent with
Jessica Freeman: With talking to him, you know, several times a week or do that.
Jessica Freeman: Keep up with Brendan
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe put on. If you have a weekly count the weekly one where you can put, you know, Monday, Brandon Wednesday Brandon Friday Brendan so that it's in the forefront of your mind. On that day, you have, you know, this thing that you need to, you know, do
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I'm going to communicate with my bosses about my struggles from this week and I'm going to give it another week.
Jessica Freeman: To see okay
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Can you think of anything else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to online meetings, you're meeting people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got your video on I say stay consistent with that. Make sure that you stay connected with your support system in Indy
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, actually had a couple of good phone conversations with indie friends this week.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: And I'm going to give my dog a bath.
Jessica Freeman: Because he needs one
Jessica Freeman: It's been like six months, he needs one
Jessica Freeman: Okay, let's see.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. I think that's, I think that's good. Yeah, I've been trying to
Jessica Freeman: Like eat, you know, at least twice a day and
Jessica Freeman: Not eat all junk food, like I'm trying to eat like a real dinner like
You know,
Jessica Freeman: Whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm going to keep doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Chicken water.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, well, I live in the desert. Right.
Jessica Freeman: Now I gotta drink water.
Good.
Jessica Freeman: I got the meal, you know, the stuff that you put in and makes the water flavored
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, that's what I do because I hate water. So there's ordered in there and I wasn't a fan of that until I actually like tried it and now I really like it and it's the only way to drink water. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People don't drink, you know, water, and they don't understand how important it is to emotions and to your brain function and you know your physical, you know, they just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just don't. And so, you know, I always harp on are you drinking enough water are you sleeping enough. What are you putting in your body as far as food goes, it has to be good regulate the job. You know what I mean. And I probably sound like a broken record, but I know that to be 100% true
Jessica Freeman: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on, great angry lonely tired.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Be careful.
Jessica Freeman: I get plenty of sleep. Most of the time, unless my little boy decides to be crazy, but usually I'm in bed at nine and we sleep till seven
Jessica Freeman: That was up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is a really my schedule. Yeah, me too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important. It's so important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you've got your week planned out, which is a really good week. Definitely. And, you know, while you're in this whole
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Transition of your baby being over at your parents, make sure that you do some things for you, you know, yeah, definitely take a hot, hot bubble baths are awesome, you know, with music plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just getting in the rhythm of happy, you know,
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I will say that in the mornings, like you know my radio show. Have I told you about the weekend blast off. So every Friday. They play like all these old school songs
Jessica Freeman: And it every time we do the weekend last off. It makes me want to dance. So it's on the podcast. Right, so I can play it anytime I want.
Jessica Freeman: So once I get my coffee and I get the dog taken out and I get, you know, key and eaten breakfast or whatever. I will put my headphones in and dance like a fool.
Jessica Freeman: Almost every morning.
Jessica Freeman: Which really starts a day off. Great. It really does.
Jessica Freeman: Brings up
Too, though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny you know when I tell people, I'll tell people, did you ever watch Grey's Anatomy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Meredith and Christine, they used to dance it out all the time.
Jessica Freeman: Right, yes dancer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Apps absolutely love that. And I know my gosh I never thought that that could be a way of relieving stress of getting exercise of getting you in that happy place. And so I started saying that to people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can always act it out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And it's important
Jessica Freeman: And it's great cardio.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. You get exercise you getting what you need.
Jessica Freeman: It's a mood lifter, for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. It is. Okay, so we have our week planned out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We know what we're gonna do. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, so I'll be curious to hear next week, whether you know he had just starts adjusting to the schedule and what you know if he's not what the alternatives going to look like. And your response from your boss.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I think as long as you communicate with them to tell them you know what's going on. And you know that given the circumstances. Definitely. And the fact that you're so new, you know that they're going to work with you in any way they can. I just have a feeling that they will
I hope so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm hoping that you meet more people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: There is a I'm in a neighbor guy.
Jessica Freeman: Seems Aaron lives across the street and doors down and you know I'm out walking the dog all the time.
Jessica Freeman: He's single he has a 12 year old son, and we're just casually talking sometimes as I stopped by so I don't know. I'm going to keep an open mind about that and I'm not in any rush for anything. And obviously we're isolating so not getting close to anyone.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Jessica Freeman: There's no I mean like, it's just, let's just be neighbors for now.
Jessica Freeman: And yeah, once all this is over. Maybe we can get to know each other better. Maybe not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Hmm. I like that don't attach yourself to the outcome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good definitely good mindset to be, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very I'm not like
Jessica Freeman: Having us married in my head. You know that's not happening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the near future. Anyways, right.
Jessica Freeman: Let's leave that open just leave it open. Who knows what's gonna happen.
Jessica Freeman: I am responsible for the effort.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right. And you definitely we think that we're in charge. And then we find out the hard way that we're, we're actually not a jar versus kind of like a revelation. When we realized that
Jessica Freeman: I know the universe and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here's something else that's driving this force in our life because we
Jessica Freeman: Might as well surrender to it right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a big eye opener for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It cracks me up because it's like your aha moment when you get it. You know what I mean.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow. I've been putting all this effort, and they've been trolling everything and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not the one I can draw
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, playing god right.
Jessica Freeman: Crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I still catch myself. I wasn't control.
Jessica Freeman: It should show
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's exactly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I was thinking. Good Lord, thank God.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it definitely would be, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So all right, well I'm gonna let you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got it. I was already in my waiting room and wow
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'll be curious to hear this next week, how it goes.
Jessica Freeman: And be
Jessica Freeman: Excited to tell you all about it bring you some good news and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. You have a great week. Jessica, just keep doing what you're doing. I think you're rocking it and you're doing an awesome job, you know,
Jessica Freeman: You. I will
Jessica Freeman: Keep going away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Perfect. Alright, I will see you next week.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, bye. Have a great day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You too.